so this will be like very very sprint
demo of playing WAV file adding files
and playing with file representations in
URLs so like file names see IDs and
stuff let's say you got ipfs companion
installed and use Firefox for example
you can also use Chrome and you're like
browsing Wikimedia Commons called Cox
there's a lot of interesting pictures
and you stumble upon this one and you
really want to save it so you can like
go there or just like right click on the
link and you got two choices you can add
the file to I give s and if you do that
you will get like the Rho CD but you can
also choose to add and keep file name
and we keep the file name and what's
interesting about the file name is
because there's then an outer
information watch on the picture and
stuff like that so it's very relevant
information and we want to save this
file on like your disk and then maybe
later you want to upload it so you can
like quickly quickly quickly upload it
you might choose to keep the file name
because it's important so we made that a
default and you wants to print the file
by default because the file is important
so you quickly pick the file right
that's not wait for it so let's say you
are already browsing the file on the
ipfs and you quickly want to grab the
rho c ID so we just add it bomb and
that's like regular CD everyone is
familiar so let's push their base 42
agenda
we got this nice tool for like
inspecting CID and at the bottom you
always will get a base virtual
representation so there's no escape so
let's just quickly oh no no worries
so this is what we want right now it's
just another redirect and you need to
pick a handler that's like only one
hunter
on this planet but it should work so you
can see it's like redirect right but it
works and actually if we like quickly
disable the companion and just copy
public gateway it works on the public
gateway but wait there's more there's
more cause like the problem with the
public gateway is that you are merged
together with other websites and you
cannot set cookies but if you set up
your gateway to support some domains in
base 42 then it and set up HTTPS and and
then you can see that you got like the
own your own namespace within the
browser security parameter